---
title: Updates - Week of 04-14-2017
date: 2017-04-14 16:25:01 -800
layout: default
author: tacofish
---
Hello!

Our farming needs are still all over the map. However, we're just starting out, so we need to farm everything. Here's a brief list:

- Flask materials
  - Flask of the Ten Thousand Scars (1950 Stamina)
    - Starlight Rose x 7
    - Aethril x 10
    - Dreamleaf x 10
    - Crystal Vial (purchasable)
  - Flask of the Countless Armies (1300 Strength)
    - Starlight Rose x 7
    - Aethril x 10
    - Foxflower x 10
    - Crystal Vial (purchasable)
  - Flask of the Whispered Pact (1300 Intellect)
    - Starlight Rose x 7
    - Fjarnskaggl x 10
    - Dreamleaf x 10
    - Crystal Vial (purchasable)
  - Flask of the Seventh Demon (1300 Agility)
    - Starlight Rose x 7
    - Foxflower x 10
    - Fjarnskaggl x 10
    - Crystal Vial (purchasable)
  - Spirit Cauldron
    - Flask of the Whispered Pact x 5
    - Flask of the Seventh Demon x 5
    - Flask of the Countless Armies x 5
    - Flask of Ten Thousand Scars x 5
    - Blood of Sargeras
  - Lavish Suramar Feast
    - Leybeque Ribs x 5
    - Suramar Surf and Turf x 5
    - Barracuda Mrglgagh x 5
    - Koi-Scented Stormray x 5
    - Drogbar-Style Salmon x 5
    - Slice of Bacon x 5

Several announcements this week:
- I've gone ahead and made some style improvements to the site. This should continue to improve for a bit.
- We had our first raid, which ended in a very smooth hour long clear of Normal Emerald Nightmare (N EN).
- Recruiting efforts continue! We've had a few applications that have been approved, and a few that weren't fits.
- Welcome Amiblesst/Killacamron as our newest team manager! He'll be helping with various administrative tasks in the raid team.
- Optional nights will be starting up, shortly. I'll be looking to do some kind of survey monkey or something to figure out timing and scheduling. Those that need gear in Trial of Valor (ToV) or EN, this is a great chance to get some.

I want to congratulate the team on a great first week's run. For those of you that joined us, we cleared Normal Emerald Nighmare
with only a handful of individual deaths and no wipes. While we had lots of guest raiders fill in spots, our execution was
great for a first run!

This weekend's run is Normal Nighthold. We'll have to fill in gaps in our raid with guest raiders, but I hope everyone is as
excited as I am to get started.

I apologize that I haven't given any feedback on log parses for last week's raid. Admittedly, I forgot to turn on advanced logging,
which impacted my ability and the data available. That's now turned on for me, so we'll start theorycrafting together to find
ways to improve. I look forward to seeing everyone in Nighthold!

\- Tacofish
